Update the thesis template and structure (#3)
se-tuebingen/thesis-template: src/introduction.tex

The introduction is one of the most important chapters of your thesis.
Most readers will start reading your thesis here and it mainly serves two purposes.

Firstly, the introduction should carefully introduce the reader to your specific research area and your particular thesis topic.
It may be helpful to think about the discipline of computer science as map, where each research area represented as its own country.
Your particular research topic might only be a very small (but not insignificant) town in one of these countries.
Instead of getting right to the point, you slowly "zoom in" and, while doing so, describe the land surrounding it.
This will help the reader to gradually get to know your research area and understand the thesis's topic more thoroughly.
Be carefully not to get lost in specifics and keep it concise.
Notably, the introduction should be readable not only for experts in your field but for computer scientists in general.

Secondly, the introduction should answer the reader's questions as to why your thesis is important, what the problem and current state of art is and why solving this problem will be a valuable contribution to the scientific community.

> Additionally, the reader should presented a list of your contributions and optionally a short description of the structure of your thesis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, the introduction should already list your specific scientific and technical contributions and optionally include a short description of the structure of your thesis.
```

\chapter{Introduction}\label{ch:introduction}
In the introduction, you give context for your research, introduce your research question, and outline your work as well as motivate it.

> It is also common to add a list of contributions, i.e., bullet points on what you contribute to the research area.

Reviewer: The introduction is one of the most important sections. Some things that could be explained here:

- the "zooming in" aspect of an introduction: start from "computer science" zoom into the specific subfield (and motivate it), zoom into the topic at hand, etc.
- the goal of the introduction is to most importantly answer the reader's questions "why should I care?", "what is the problem?", "how will solving it improve the state of the art?", "why should I trust the author on this?", "what are the specific contributions?"
- for a BSc / MSc thesis it should be approachable by a non-expert (computer scientist, but not a PL researcher).

Reviewer 2: though it might be controversial, I used something akin to the following:
```
The introduction should address the following key questions, ideally in the order stated below:
\begin{enumerate}
\item What is the nature of the problem this thesis investigates?
\item What are the current common approaches for solving this problem?
\item How does this thesis address the problem?
\item What are the results? What are the improvements?
\item What can the reader expect in the individual chapters of the thesis?
\end{enumerate}

The recommended length for the introduction is between 1 and 4 pages.
For longer introductions, consider dividing the content into unnumbered subsections with descriptive headings.
However, avoid extensive discussions of specific topics here; detailed content like definitions, theorems, methods, and data belongs in subsequent chapters.
```
